Updated Profiling information in running_cpp (#776)
ECP-WarpX/WarpX: Docs/source/running_cpp/profiling.rst

Profiling the code
==================

Profiling allows us to find the bottle-necks of the code as it is currently implemented.
Bottle-necks are the parts of the code that may delay the simulation, making it more computationally expensive.
Once found, we can update the related code sections and improve its efficiency.
Profiling tools can also be used to check how load balanced the simulation is, i.e. if the work is well distributed accross all MPI ranks used.

> Load balancing can be activated in WarpX by setting the input parameter `warpx.load_balance_int <https://warpx.readthedocs.io/en/latest/running_cpp/parameters.html#distribution-across-mpi-ranks-and-parallelization>`__.

Reviewer: A bit simpler and more robust to use links to rst files.
```suggestion
Load balancing can be activated in WarpX by setting input parameters, see the parallelization section at :doc:`parameters`.
```

Author: Thanks @MaxThevenet ! That looks much better, yes.

The results, timers, are stored into four tables in the standard output, stdout, that are located below the simulation steps information and above the warnings regarding unused input file parameters (if there were any).

The timers are displayed in tables for which the columns correspond to:

* name of the function
* number of times it is called in total
* minimum of time spent exclusively/inclusively in it, between all ranks
* average of time, between all ranks
* maximum time, between all ranks
* maximum percentage of time spent, accross all ranks

If the simulation is well load balanced the minimum, average and maximum times should be identical.

The top two tables refer to the complete simulation information.
The bottom two are related to the Evolve() section of the code (where each time step is computed).

Each set of two timers show the exclusive, top, and inclusive, bottom, information depending on wether the time spent in nested sections of the codes are included.

For more detailed information please visit the `AMReX profiling documentation <https://amrex-codes.github.io/amrex/docs_html/AMReX_Profiling_Tools_Chapter.html>`__.

> .. node:

Reviewer: Hm I don't know about this one... Is this `.. note:`?

Author: Yes!

```suggestion
.. note:
```

>    We encourage all users to include the TINYPROFILERS simulation information in their github issues, if they verified strong load imbalance.

Reviewer: I am not sure I agree with that, the user should only include performance data if the issue is about code performance.

Author: Oh you are totally right. In my mind I was assuming that if a user even pays attention to the load balancing, it is because they are concerned about the performance. But I was thinking wrongly.

Author: I can't decide between removing the note or changing it to something like:
```suggestion
   We encourage all users who need to improve simulations performance (to run very large/complex configurations that might face strong load imbalance), to include their runs' TINYPROFILERS information in their github issues.
```
Of course, if/when we do issue templates we can include this suggestion there in a more summarized way.

>    We encourage all users to include the TINYPROFILERS simulation information in their github issues, if they verified strong load imbalance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   When creating performance-related issues on the WarpX GitHub repo, please include Tiny Profiler tables (besides the usual issue description, input file and submission script), or (even better) the whole standard output.
```
